## What does your application do? Please be as detailed as possible, and feel free to include links to image or video examples.

Serves as a bridge between last.fm and discord with tons of social commands and interactions

## WHAT DISCORD DATA DO YOU STORE?

When someone sets their last.fm username or registers in to the bot, we store the following Discord data:

- Discord Id
- Servers where they have used the bot

Commands get logged for audit and for meta command purposes. The info stored for a command is the following:

- Discord Id
- Server id
- Timestamp
- Command execution time
- Name of the command executed

The args of the commands don't get stored. Only the name.

We don't store any data from users that have not registered in the bot. The database schemas are public on the repo and
they represent the current structure of the bot's database.

## FOR WHAT PURPOSE(S) DO YOU STORE IT?

So users can keep track of their accounts without having to provide their account of the used services all the time.

Logs are used for auditing and for some meta commands.

## FOR HOW LONG DO YOU STORE IT?

The user data is stored as long as the user shares one server with the bot. We track server leaves just so we can
discard the user data in case they no longer share any server.

The logged commands are also stored as long as the user exists in the database.

## WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR USERS TO REQUEST DELETION OF THEIR DATA?

!unset will delete all the data generated by the user, including data generated using the bot.

## WHAT SYSTEMS AND INFRASTRUCTURE DO YOU USE?

The bot is currently being hosted on two private VPS, one for the databases and another one for bot process.

## HOW HAVE YOU SECURED ACCESS TO YOUR SYSTEMS AND INFRASTRUCTURE?

Only possible access is via a private ssh connection for the two instances.

## HOW CAN USERS CONTACT YOU WITH SECURITY ISSUES?

Through every available contact channel. Eg. Support server, github issues/pr, mail used on Github and my private
discord account.

## DOES YOUR APPLICATION UTILIZE OTHER THIRD-PARTY AUTH SERVICES OR CONNECTIONS? IF SO, WHICH, AND WHY?

Connections that the users authorize or use directly we only use Last.fm

There are other external connections that users don't directly use but are relevant for metadata:

- Spotify
- Discogs
- Musicbrainz
- Bandcamp
- Youtube

